Awesome Machine learning
awesome-machine-learning - A curated list of awesome Machine Learning frameworks, libraries and software

awesome-machine-learning-interpretability - A curated list of awesome machine learning interpretability resources

awesome-machine-learning-operations - A curated list of awesome open source libraries to deploy, monitor, version and scale your machine learning

awesome-courses - List of awesome university courses for learning Computer Science

Best-of Machine Learning with Python - A ranked list of awesome machine learning Python libraries. Updated weekly.

data-science - "Path to a free self-taught education in Data Science!" - Open Source Society University, a collection of free online courses in logical order of learning data science. Massive list of courses, from linear algebra and calculus to R/Python programming/machine learning

Data-science-best-resources - Carefully curated resource links for data science in one place

free-data-science - Thematic list of high-quality data science resources. R, Python, Shell, Regular Expressions, Git, Docker, Markdown/Latex, Statistics, Machine/Deep learning, Visualization, Time Series, Spatial Analysis, more.

machine_learning - Machine learning in R notes by Dave Tang

machine-learning-interview - Machine Learning Interviews from FAANG, Snapchat, LinkedIn. More info at mlengineer.io

machine-learning-notes - Collection of useful machine learning codes and snippets, Jupyter notebooks, by Sebastian Raschka.

ML Books
Probabilistic Machine Learning: An Introduction by Kevin Patrick Murphy, 2022 edition. Intro (probability, statistics, decision theory, information theory, linear algebra), linear models, nonparametric modeling, deep neural networks, dimensionality reduction, clustering, more. GitHub, Tweet1, Tweet2

Mathematics for Machine Learning, 2020 by Marc Peter Deisenroth, A. Aldo Faisal, and Cheng Soon Ong.

Linear_Algebra_With_Python - Lecture Notes for Linear Algebra Featuring Python. These lecture notes are intended for introductory linear algebra courses, suitable for university students, programmers, data analysts, algorithmic traders and etc.

Mathematics for Machine Learning by Garrett Thomas. Tweet

A Machine Learning Primer by Mihail Eric @mihail_eric. Tweet

100+ Free Data Science Books

ciml - book "A Course in Machine Learning". Online version

Interpretable Machine Learning book by Christoph Molnar, A Guide for Making Black Box Models Explainable. LearnPub

Introduction to Machine Learning book by Nils Nilsson, free PDF

hands-on-machine-learning-with-r - Hands-on Machine Learning with R: An applied book covering the fundamentals of machine learning with R. Supplementary material, Online version

mit-deep-learning-book-pdf - MIT Deep Learning Book, PDF of the original http://www.deeplearningbook.org/ book.

ML_for_Hackers - Code accompanying the book "Machine Learning for Hackers"

rtemis - Advanced Machine Learning and Visualization in R. Book

Feature Engineering and Selection: A Practical Approach for Predictive Models by Kuhn and Johnson, GitHub

ML Courses & Tutorials
Machine Learning 2021 - a seven-module course covering basics of machine learning, by Bioinformatics.ca. Youtube playlist, Course material on Google Drive

Full Stack Deep Learning - from development to deployment of machine learning methods

40+ Modern Tutorials Covering All Aspects of Machine Learning, Tweet

100-Days-Of-ML-Code - 100 Days of Machine Learning Coding as proposed by Siraj Raval. Illustrated step-by-step guides with code and data. Links to videos.

Code for Workshop: Introduction to Machine Learning with R by Shirin Glander. More in her blog posts, twitter etc.

aml-london-2019 - Course materials for Applied Machine Learning course in 2019 in London, by Max Kuhn

aml-training - The most recent version of the Applied Machine Learning notes, related to the parsnip R package by Max Kuhn

cs-video-courses - List of 800+ Computer Science courses with video lectures, Tweet

Data-Analysis-and-Machine-Learning-Projects - Randy Olson's data analysis and machine learning projects

google-interview-university - List of ML/CS courses. A complete daily plan for studying to become a Google software engineer

H2O-3 - The third version of H2OAI - Open Source Fast Scalable Machine Learning Platform For Smarter Applications: Deep Learning, Gradient Boosting & XGBoost, Random Forest, Generalized Linear Modeling (Logistic Regression, Elastic Net), K-Means, PCA, Stacked Ensembles, Automatic Machine Learning (AutoML), etc.

machine-learning-for-software-engineers - A complete daily plan for studying to become a machine learning engineer

Machine-Learning-in-R - Workshop (6 hours): preprocessing, cross-validation, lasso, decision trees, random forest, xgboost, superlearner ensembles

LatinR-2019-h2o-tutorial - H2O Machine Learning Tutorial in R

lecture_i2ml - Introduction to Machine Learning (regression/classification, performance evaluation, parameter tuning, random forests), Python

mlcourse.ai - Open Machine Learning course mlcourse.ai, 2018 English version. Online version, Video

MLfromscratch - Machine Learning algorithm implementations from scratch. Youtube videos

MTH594_MachineLearning - The materials for the course MTH 594 Advanced data mining: theory and applications (Dmitry Efimov, American University of Sharjah)

pattern_classification - A collection of tutorials and examples for solving and understanding machine learning and pattern classification tasks

sklearn-classification - Data Science Notebook on a Classification Task, using sklearn and Tensorflow. Jupyter Notebook, the Census Income Dataset to predict whether an individual's income exceeds $50K/yr based on census data. Docker-wrapped

supervised-ML-case-studies-course - Supervised machine learning case studies in R. Book

useR-machine-learning-tutorial - useR! 2016 Tutorial: Machine Learning Algorithmic Deep Dive. IPython notebooks running R kernel

ML Videos
Probabilistic Machine Learning — Philipp Hennig, 2021, Tweet

10 Powerful YouTube Channels for Data Science Aspirants - Analytics Vidhya's post. Sentdex, 3Blue1Brown, freeCodeCamp.org, StatQuest, Krish Naik, Python Programmer, Corey Schafer, Tech With Tim, Brandon Foltz, 365 Data Science

NC ASA Webinar: Introduction to Machine Learning, by Dr. Funda Gunes, Part 1, Part 2. A one hour overview of the main machine learning concepts

Learning from data - Statistical learning theory course from Caltech, taught by Feynman Prize winner Professor Yaser Abu-Mostafa. Videos, slides

Machine Learning for Everybody – Full Course - 3h 53m video, from intro, kNN, Naive Bayes, regression, SVM to TensorFlow

Statistical Machine Learning: Spring 2017 by Ryan Tibshirani, Larry Wasserman, Carnegie Mellon University.

ML Papers
Domingos, Pedro. “A Few Useful Things to Know about Machine Learning.” Communications of the ACM 55, no. 10 (October 1, 2012): 78. https://doi.org/10.1145/2347736.2347755. Twelve lessons for machine learning. Overview of machine learning problems and algorithms, problem of overfitting, causes and solutions, curse of dimensionality, issues with high-dimensional data, feature engineering, bagging, boosting, stacking, model sparsity. Video lectures
ML Tools
mlr3 - Machine learning in R R package, the unified interface to classification, regression, survival analysis, and other machine learning tasks. GitHub repo, mlr3gallery - Examples of problems and code solutions, mlr3 Manual - mlr3 bookdown. More on the mlr3 package site, including videos
ML Misc
The Algorithms - R - GitHub repo with code examples of main machine learning algorithms

algorithms_in_ipython_notebooks - A repository with IPython notebooks of algorithms implemented in Python. [https://github.com/rasbt/algorithms_in_ipython_notebooks]

awesome-decision-tree-papers - A collection of research papers on decision, classification and regression trees with implementations

Understanding the Bias-Variance Tradeoff - bias, variance, total error, classic figures and explanation by Scott Fortmann-Roe.

lares - R Library for Analytics and Machine Learning

ml_techniques - R code for performing typical ML tasks and techniques, e.g., naive Bayes, random forest, by Shirin Glander

ML-From-Scratch - Bare bones Python implementations of some of the fundamental Machine Learning models and algorithms

Gradient Boosting Essentials in R Using XGBOOST

MLPB - Machine Learning Problem Bible, problems and solutions in R. XGBoost, SVM, neural networks, and other methods

Best XGBoost settings: "a second xgboost version (xgboost_best) with the best parameter settings that I obtained in on of my publications. These are: nrounds=500, eta=0.0518715, subsample=0.8734055, booster=”gbtree”, max_depth=11, min_child_weight=1.750185, colsample_bytree=0.7126651, colsample_bylevel=0.6375492." From Is catboost the best gradient boosting R package? post on r-bloggers.com
